Technology Stack:
1. Python
3. Shell Script
4. MySQL
5. Docker
6. GO programming Language (Primarily for Docker and Kubernetes implementation)
7. Ruby programming language (For using tools like chef and puppet for container orchestration)
8. JSON (HashiCorp Configuration Language will be converted to JSON for implementing Terraform)


Dependencies:
1. DBeaver (It's a Software we are using to design the tables for our database, Its not a programming language.)
2. VPS - Virtual Protocol Server (Creating a virtual network so that server could be accessed remotely.)
3. Ethernet LAN Connection (Connecting the whole organization in a Local Area Network.)
4. Cloud Server (If someone wants to host their server on Cloud. Eg. Azure , AWS , Google Cloud , etc.)
5. GUI interfaces for Kubernetes (We would outsource the orchestration part to GUI based third party softwares eg: Portainer , Rancher , Kubespray etc.)
6. Chef and Puppet (Tools for Container orchestration)
7. Terraform (Infrastructure as Code - This one is optional. It is used to orchestrate container clusters. (Container Clusters are containers which are managed my multiple devices.))


Policies till now:
1. Access Management --> (TOR Script: Enable and Disable for the whole system, as blocking at individual level is vulnerable. It can and will be done if and only if the judges asks us ; SSH: Enable and Disable for targeted user.)
2. Data Protection Policy --> (Password schema: Password Salting ; Firewall: Enable and Disable for targeted users ; Encryption Scripts: Hashing and generation of encryption keys)
3. Hardware policy --> (USB Script: )
4. IDS Policy --> (LIDS: Theory present, practically not implemented ; NIDS: Unfinished)
5. Application Whitelisting --> (Use of Third Party Modules in Ubuntu, We need to install these modules (Eg. AppArmour or SELinux) and configure our system using shell script)
6. Roles and Responsibilities Policy --> (Admin: Multiple Admins could be created ; Users: Multiple Users could be created ; Login Script: Not required as data could be extracted from the system itself.)